Update Getting Ready for Class chapter (#270)
githubtraining/training-manual: docs/01_getting_ready_for_class.md

If you already have an account, verify that you can visit github.com within your organization's network.

> GitHub is designed to run on the current versions of all major browsers. Take a look at our list of [supported browsers](https://help.github.com/articles/supported-browsers/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub is designed to run on the current versions of all major browsers. Take a look at our list of [supported browsers](https://docs.github.com/github/getting-started-with-github/supported-browsers).
```

Reviewer: Thanks, @tatarhy! Just for future reference, you can quickly and easily apply suggested changes right here from the pull request with the click of a button; no need to make the changes manually: https://docs.github.com/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/incorporating-feedback-in-your-pull-request#applying-suggested-changes

That might save you some time and effort in the future. 😉

#### Proxy configuration

> If your organization uses a proxy, you will need to configure the proxy settings in Git. Open Git Bash (on Windows) or Terminal (on Mac or \*nix) and complete the appropriate steps below:

Reviewer: May I ask why escaping the asterisk here is necessary? It seems to render fine in [the manual](https://githubtraining.github.io/training-manual/#/01_getting_ready_for_class?id=proxy-configuration) without the `\`.

Reviewer 2: Just a quick test, the editor shows the line as bold without the `\` which might be why the escape character was included. The preview doesn't show the content as bold, but when writing in an editor it does 🤷 .

Reviewer: I see. The `\` properly escapes the `*` in the GitHub editor and I verified that it doesn’t show up on the published web page by serving this branch locally, so this change looks good. 👍
